Spit, spit
Are you like this coward?
Look at you on fire
What if you don't have the guts to stab?
Get out of here as soon as possible
Nothing happened
This is what you like.
I don't even have the guts to let him stab him
What are you doing with such a coward?
No, my brother is not a coward
I just don't want to cause trouble, he's not a coward
He doesn't want to cause trouble.
Your girlfriend says you're not a coward and don't want to cause trouble
To give you the guts to stab me
Second sister, if you dare not leave
I'll pay back your girlfriend in front of you
Sell him and your stall again
Move to Shandong
Brother Feng
Does anyone still want his stall so old?
There are many old bachelors in the mountains
He said no one thought he was old
It can be regarded as finding him a good time
Brother Su Huo Mao
You are really a talent
I'll miss you when I count
I want to play with you too
You're a disaster
Just watch it right here
See how I play you
I'll give you a live broadcast hahaha.
Come on girl
Let's get high
Emperor, you are a beast
Am I bothering you?